time to get rid of them shitty Eskimos
cracking on the sidewalls everything
else
goodbye to them qmo 3026 is not to get
some Pearlie 25 series 26 is hopefully
they won't fail on me like those shitty
as kumo did
yeah I can't even find the sidewall
number cuz it's a skinny here we go
rubber bands straight-up bought me the
extra clearance I needed after adding
500 more pounds of beat probably about
1,500 pounds in here so feeling good
about that and I'll see if we can make
it home about our dry I check it out we
just drove home an hour from Stockton
and these tires are smaller and thinner
than the other ones the other ones were
30 series 3 o5 30 26 is these are 295 25
26 s and the ride is way better with the
Pirellis I mean way better so got to say
drops are a leaf or that good
check out how little profile these tires
are there they're about an inch off the
concrete lady's hand disappears that's a
rubber band right there boy I'll tell
you what but like I said unbelievably
these things ride way better quieter
smoother everything then those kumo did
you up on the side note you know I had
to get the spare it's the right
there
you